* '--' means the feature has been implemented but not currently tested.
* _ means the feature is not as essential

Known Bugs:
    i pushed a bug with multi healing spells to vrchat, its already been fixed here i just need to reupload to vrchat.
    the mesh on the evokers broke with the transfer

Notes from testing:
    p3vr the display for the scroll doesnt work but the move can be changed 
    turn text is not sync
    only the master of the instance can scroll on skills
    add check if local player on line 65 of shoot.cs??
    on join the dictionaries might not be synced up correctly
    the dictionary doesnt exactly copy from the master 
    make a functiont that requests a copy of the self dictionary from the master
    get what preset the player/shadow has
    getdictfrommaster()

General:
    add to the dictionary of preset personas and enemies
    code ailment functionality
    implement downed system
    finish passive skills
    code evasion effects on dodging and hitting
    complete the turn logic, turn.txt (made a lot of progress on this one)
        make players not be able to act when its not their turn
            add timer to skip turn of afk players?
                make them wait and pass their turn
        implement one more! when hitting a weaknesses
        use port priority to handle speed ties.
    implement ability to guard and wait (or just wait if im feeling lazy)
        guarding prevents you from being knocked for one hit
        enemies are only able to wait.
    finish the skill descriptions
    

Unity Reliant:
    Evoker:
        allow the player to select teamates for helpful moves
            if using a move that affects your teamate have a different counter when you are hovering over the spell
            when hovering over the skill move the circle over your teamate 
                assign the playername to the evoker they are holding and find the location from there?
                change the name of a child object of the evoker to indicate the name?
                    gameobject.name = "player name"
        allow the player to summon their persona
        
        _Check current persona's stats
        _check status of other players
            show similar bar above the player as above the enemies
    Persona:
        Assign or let players choose a persona
        add simple animations whenever you use a skill
            base it off the element of the skill
            particle system
    Enemies:
        Create spawning systems for the enemies
        remove the enemies when they die
        Write enemy ai (something other than just use dia on self)
            gonna need something to refresh the specific evoker of the player attacked
            assign the enemies to the instance master
                have the turns be ran on the master's machine and sync to the others
        show when an enemy has an ailment
        preform an all out attack when all the enemies are downed
    UX:
        improve circle that appears over the enemy you are selecting
        _show stat changes of the enemy you are targeting
        improve icons to show how to interact with the world
        improve hp bar above enemies

Networking:
    implement network events for more parts of the project
    create function that copies information from the preset list into a slot of the dictionary
    add functions that affect stat changes

Ideas:
    Display a set of cards that will affect the players stats or give them a new persona.
